Make separate enter_command and exit_command (#6)
AndreasBackx/waycorner: README.md

```toml
[left]

> # Shell command to execute when hotcorner is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Shell commands to execute when hotcorner is triggered,
# at least one is required.

```

> enter_command = [ "notify-send", "enter" ]
> exit_command = [ "notify-send", "exit" ]
> # Omit enter_command or exit command to run nothing when
> # entering/exiting the corner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Command to run when cursor enters hotcorner.
# `command` is an alias for `enter_command`.
enter_command = [ "notify-send", "enter" ]
# Command to run when cursor exits hotcorner.
exit_command = [ "notify-send", "exit" ]
```
